Delivery Managеr
уровень дохода не указан
улица Апакидзе, 11
Где работать
Тбилиси
·
улица Апакидзе, 11
Полная занятость
·
Опыт 3–6 лет

·
График 5/2

·
Рабочие часы 8
Работа на месте работодателя, удалённый формат или гибридный формат
Смотрят сейчас
2
Опубликована
30.04.2026
The international IT company Andersen invites a Delivery Manager to join our dynamic and highly skilled professional team.

Andersen is a pre-IPO software development company providing a full cycle of services. For over 19 years, we have been helping enterprises and middle-sized firms worldwide transform their businesses by creating effective digital solutions using innovative technologies.

Today, we are working with organizations from various parts of the world, including North America, Western Europe, Israel, Australia, and the UAE. Our expertise covers FinTech, Healthcare, Retail, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, Logistics, Travel & Hospitality, eCommerce, and other industries.

Responsibilities:

Managing a pipeline of projects

Managing timelines, risks and business expectations of the customer.

Ensuring efficiency of delivery processes, including project optimization and profitability management.

Planning, control and allocation of project budgets.

Close communication with internal and external project stakeholders.

Forecasting the project’s growth and decline.

Constant monitoring and improvement of team performance metrics.

Performing RFP analysis.

Preparing an evaluation of the proposed solution.

Preparing a commercial proposal for the client (including presentation).

Team building and managing project timelines.

Coaching, mentoring, motivating and supervising supervised projects.

Communicating regularly with customers on business development, strategies and objectives.

Maintaining reports and necessary documentation for customers.

Must-haves:

Experience of IT project management for 5+ years (planning, scheduling, project communication, problem solving, change and risk management).

Experience as a Delivery Manager for 2+ years.

Solid understanding of project management including various methodologies and tools.

Experience of managing projects under various Agile contracts and Fix Price.

Good technical knowledge (previous work as a developer is a big plus).

Experience in different domains (fintech or healthcare).

Practical knowledge of Agile, software product development life cycle model (SDLC).

Excellent planning skills and ability to quickly switch between projects without losing focus.

Excellent leadership, communication, negotiation and client relationship management skills.

Knowledge of all requirements elicitation techniques, experience in requirements management.

Level of English – Intermediate+ and above.

Reasons why this job would be interesting to you:

Andersen cooperates with such companies as Siemens, Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, BNP Paribas, Allianz, Ryanair, TUI, Verivox, Media Markt, etc.

For the past four years, our company has been growing annually by 60–100%, and we constantly involve top-notch specialists in our team.

Andersen has mentoring and adaptation systems for new employees, and transparent performance review and assessment systems will allow you to determine your development path and plan your growth.

The most important thing that we value in our employees is a commitment to continuous learning. The company supports them in this and gives them access to the best educational platforms, seminars, and practices. In addition, for over 19 years, Andersen has assembled a huge knowledge base and established a robust resource management institution.

We have been strengthening our expertise since 2007. During this time, we have formed excellent teams with streamlined processes, where you can learn something new from your colleagues every day and enjoy your work.

We are a cool young team of like-minded people communicating informally.

You'll have a stable and competitive salary and an extensive benefits package.

At Andersen, we have many different ways to grow. You can improve as a specialist or a manager, and all your activities will be decently rewarded.


Work together with us at Andersen


The vacancy is open to applicants who speak English fluently

OOO "АндерсенБел", УНП 192588439

Доступно соискателям с инвалидностью
Ключевые навыки
IT Project Management
Delivery Management
Fix Price delivery models
Agile / SDLC
Technical Background
Английский — B2 — Средне-продвинутый
Задайте вопрос работодателю